"I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!" -- Ovidiu Platon
"If you don't like testing your product, most likely your customers won't like to test it either." -- Anonymous
"All code is guilty until proven innocent." -- Anonymous
"Why do we never have time to do it right, but always have time to do it over?" -- Anonymous
"Testers don't like to break things; they like to dispel the illusion that things work." -- Kaner, Bach, Pettichord
"Software testers do not make software; they only make them better." -- Anonymous
"Don't just fix the bugs; fix whatever permitted the bugs in the first place." -- Anonymous
"Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort." -- John Ruskin
"Quality means doing it right even when no one is looking." -- Henry Ford
"It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you’re looking for it; it's even harder when you’ve assumed your code is error-free." -- Steve McConnell
"There is nothing quite so permanent as a quick fix." -- Anonymous
"'That hardly ever happens' is another way of saying 'it happens'." -- Douglas Crockford
"If it doesn't work, it doesn't matter how fast it doesn't work." -- Mich Ravera
"Writing specs is like flossing: everybody agrees that it's a good thing, but nobody does it." -- Joel Spolsky
"Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file." -- Louis Srygley
"Good specifications will always improve programmer productivity far better than any programming tool or technique." -- Milt Bryce
"The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build." -- Bjarne Stroustrup
"An evolving system increases its complexity unless work is done to reduce it." -- Meir Lehman
"Blame doesn't fix bugs." -- Anonymous
"Be gentle, kind, and forgiving of your peers; respect from people you respect is really the only reward that sticks." -- Rusty Russell
"Be humble, communicate clearly, and respect others. It costs nothing to be kind, but the impact is priceless." -- Addy Osmani
